gh-107028: tiny textual changes in logging docs and docstrings (#107029)
python/cpython: Doc/library/logging.handlers.rst

   .. method:: flush()

>       For a :class:`BufferHandler`, flushing means that it zaps the buffer to empty. This method can be overwritten to implement more useful flushing behavior.

Reviewer: Check line lengths. 

Also, perhaps "empties the buffer" or "clears the buffer".  It's less obvious what "zaps" means.

>       For a :class:`BufferHandler`, flushing means that it zaps the buffer to empty. This method can be overwritten to implement more useful flushing behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For a :class:`BufferingHandler` instance, flushing means that it sets the buffer to an empty list. This method can be overwritten to implement more useful flushing behavior.
```

Author: True, thanks! I've also saw the wrong word for the class. I commit the suggestions.

>       For a :class:`MemoryHandler`, flushing means just sending the buffered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For a :class:`MemoryHandler` instance, flushing means just sending the buffered
```

      records to the target, if there is one. The buffer is also cleared when

>       buffered records are send. Override if you want different behavior.

Reviewer: "... are sent"

>       buffered records are send. Override if you want different behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      buffered records are sent to the target. Override if you want different behavior.
```
